So we learn a lot about native packages how to use them.
It's super simple in the end and the documentation again is really great.
But storage is a different future.
And for this we also get an entry in the documentation and the only documentation storage here.
Now storage simply is a way of storing data on the device and with data.
I don't mean files I mean data we typically store in our services for example.
And the way it stores does is it will automatically try to find a fitting storage on the device you're
running it on.
It will try to prioritize Eskew a light which is a little database running on your device by default.
So it will try to destroy your data there and it won't use local storage which works in a browser but
not on your local device.
But generally it will figure out for you where you stored it and it has a priority of available storage
which it tries to access starting it again does sequel light database here which is the best option.
So storage will do all that for you.
And in order to use storage you theoretically need to add this plug in and then install it.
But with the latest version of I only do this it's not necessary anymore storage is enabled by default
so we can start using it instantly and we will do so and we will do so in our place of service because
this is the part where we manage our data in order to use storage are simply important here.
So import storage from at ionic storage so might be a bit strange to see disport when before we always
had ionic angler but that's just where it just happens to be included at.
So at ionic storage and wifi is added here we should access to storage whenever we add a new place for
example.
Now there are different ways of implementing this.
You could also only access to storage if you're about to close your apps.
So you could add are energy on destroy method and your app component for example.
I'm going to go with this approach because it's not bad to access to storage more frequently and I want
to make sure that data really is stored and that it's not getting stored because well maybe even when
trying to do this while closing the app we didn't have enough time where something goes wrong.
So I'll do this here in the app place method.
And I can simply access to storage by injecting it into my class.
So importing it is not enough I also need to inject that and therefore we need to add add uncheckable
also make sure to import at injectable from angular core or move that import up to the top.
So add ed uncheckable so that we can tell Englert that we are going to inject something into the service
and then we'll add a constructor to the service of course.
And here I will simply inject the storage and store it in our property named storage.
So if the storage is now jailable and we can access it on this property and here we have a couple of
Meffert and set as the method I'm looking for which allows us to set key value pairs.
And this is how storage works.
You set key value pairs well.
And here the key could be places that can be any key you want but you have to use Diski later to retrieve
the data.
And I want to store my places array here so that I'm storing the places in the storage.
Now we also get a promise when doing this and we can catch errors there or well response to a successful
case if we did get an error.
So if we were not successful Well then you can do all kinds of error handling Shirwa error message.
What I want to do is I want to remove the last place here to make sure that we're not storing a place
in our app which we don't have in reality.
So here I'm splicing the last edit place and I can simply get the position of this index off and then
the place.
This place we created here which we pushed onto our aere and remove this item just to make sure that
again I'm not storing something in this array which somehow failed to be stored on our storage on the
device in a success case though.
Well in this case I could do whatever I want show as access message or do nothing.
I'm going to do nothing here because I don't have anything to do.
But this would be where you can will react to death being stored successfully now in low places Alster
returned the array.
But I want to add a new method which I'll call fetch places and they want to retrieve them from the
storage.
So here what I want to do is I want to access my storage and then use to get Mefford to get a specific
key.
The place is key.
This again returns a promise which will either give me the data or an error in the error case I will
for now simply log it to the console.
You could of course you are toast or something like this.
In this case.
It will just fail to retrieve our place.
So what we will definitely see is an empty list of places in a success case.
I know that I get an array of places because that is what was stored in this key here.
Right.
We do this with the set method up there.
And then I can simply use that array of place this and assign it to my place this year in the service
assigned the places I retrieved there but only if this is not null because it could be null.
If we start this for the first time and don't have any places in this case if it is not now I will use
to place it but otherwise I want to assign an empty array because places would simply be undefined and
not an empty array.
If there are no place to store it.
So I need to make sure that they don't assign undefined to this because I'm trying to loop over it.
Instead I want to set it to an empty array in this case.
So this is what I do when I fetch places and now there are a couple of places we could call fetch places
all do it in the home page and then want to do this whenever the home page is actually created and justice
will not only be the case on startup but it can't hurt to reload that during the running up from time
to time.
But he also implemented the app component or with wherever you like.
So I'm going to do this for you on in it with ngi on it to be implemented thereafter and they're able
to simply reach out to my place of service and call fetch places which will simply again reach out to
my storage and store the places in the array here.
So this will make sure that I retrieve those places with that implemented.
We're almost there but we also meet at justice when we delete a place.
Let's do this in the next lecture.